[Website] Add ADBC 19 release post (#666)
apache/arrow-site: _posts/2025-07-09-adbc-19-release.md

the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
{% endcomment %}
-->

The Apache Arrow team is pleased to announce the version 19 release of
the Apache Arrow ADBC libraries. This release includes [**60
resolved issues**][1] from [**27 distinct contributors**][2].

This is a release of the **libraries**, which are at version 19.  The
[**API specification**][specification] is versioned separately and is at
version 1.1.0.

The subcomponents are versioned independently:

- C/C++/GLib/Go/Python/Ruby: 1.7.0
- C#: 0.19.0
- Java: 0.19.0
- R: 0.19.0
- Rust: 0.19.0

The release notes below are not exhaustive and only expose selected
highlights of the release. Many other bugfixes and improvements have
been made: we refer you to the [complete changelog][3].

## Release Highlights

> - Apache, Databricks: these drivers has received a plethora of improvements,

Reviewer: Apache Spark?

```suggestion
- Apache Spark, Databricks: these drivers has received a plethora of improvements,
```

Author: The [driver](https://github.com/apache/arrow-adbc/tree/main/csharp/src/Drivers/Apache) is a bit weird and is really for Hive/Impala/Spark. Maybe "Apache Hive/Impala/Spark, Databricks" then?

Author: ```suggestion
- Apache Hive/Impala/Spark, Databricks: these drivers have received a plethora of improvements,
```
